Pauli Propagation (#15)
qiskit-community/qaoa_training_pipeline: README.md

You can install this repository by running `pip install .` after cloning from Github. 
If you are planning to contribute to the repository, you can have an editable install by running `pip install -e .`

> Pauli Propagation is built on top of the `PauliPropagation.jl` Julia library, which is currently under active development. Please note that future updates to this library may introduce breaking changes.
> Integration with Julia is handled via `juliacall`, which can be installed using the requirements-optional.txt file. Be aware that `juliacall` sets up its own Julia environment located at `name-venv/julia_env`.
> To update the Julia packages within this environment, you can run the following command from your Python environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The training pipeline relies mostly on Python.
However, the Pauli propagation evaluator `PPEvaluator` requires the `PauliPropagation` Julia library which integrates with python through the `juliacall` package.
These are optional dependencies.
If you want to use Pauli propagation you must run `pip install juliacall` or see the `requirements-optional.txt` file.
Then, the first time you use the `PPEvaluator` the code in `pauli_propagation.py` will install `PauliPropagation.jl` for you in the Julia installation of your Python environment.
Be aware that `juliacall` sets up its own Julia environment located at `name-venv/julia_env`.
Pauli Propagation is built on top of the `PauliPropagation.jl` Julia library, which is currently under active development. Please note that future updates to this library may introduce breaking changes.
To update the Julia packages within this environment, you can run the following command from your Python environment:
```

You can install this repository by running `pip install .` after cloning from Github. 
If you are planning to contribute to the repository, you can have an editable install by running `pip install -e .`

The training pipeline relies mostly on Python.
However, the Pauli propagation evaluator `PPEvaluator` requires the `PauliPropagation` Julia library which integrates with python through the `juliacall` package.
These are optional dependencies.
If you want to use Pauli propagation you must run `pip install juliacall` or see the `requirements-optional.txt` file.
Then, the first time you use the `PPEvaluator` the code in `pauli_propagation.py` will install `PauliPropagation.jl` for you in the Julia installation of your Python environment.

> Be aware that `juliacall` sets up its own Julia environment located at `name-venv/julia_env`.

Reviewer 2: `name-venv` is the original python environment?

| 3       | Add fidelity bounds for MPS |           #6 |
| 4       | Add QAOA angles functions   |          #14 |
| 5       | Switch to qaoa_ansatz       |          #16 |

> | 6       | Add Pauli Proagation        |          #15 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 6       | Add Pauli Propagation       |          #15 |
```
